#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==0.13.0
    # via ortools
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.3
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   flask
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   dwave-networkx
    #   networkx
deprecated==1.2.12
    # via pyqubo
dimod==0.9.15
    # via
    #   dwave-greedy
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-inspector
    #   dwave-neal
    #   dwave-networkx
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   dwave-preprocessing
    #   dwave-qbsolv
    #   dwave-system
    #   dwave-tabu
    #   dwavebinarycsp
    #   penaltymodel
    #   penaltymodel-cache
    #   penaltymodel-lp
    #   penaltymodel-mip
    #   pyqubo
dwave-cloud-client==0.8.6
    # via
    #   dwave-inspector
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   dwave-system
dwave-greedy==0.2.0
    # via
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
dwave-hybrid==0.6.2
    # via dwave-ocean-sdk
dwave-inspector==0.2.6
    # via dwave-ocean-sdk
dwave-neal==0.5.7
    # via
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   pyqubo
dwave-networkx==0.8.8
    # via
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   dwave-system
    #   minorminer
dwave-ocean-sdk==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dwave-preprocessing==0.2.0
    # via dwave-ocean-sdk
dwave-qbsolv==0.3.2
    # via dwave-ocean-sdk
dwave-system==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-inspector
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
dwave-tabu==0.4.1
    # via
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   dwave-system
dwavebinarycsp==0.1.2
    # via dwave-ocean-sdk
fasteners==0.16.3
    # via minorminer
flask==2.0.1
    # via dwave-inspector
homebase==1.0.1
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   dwave-system
    #   minorminer
    #   penaltymodel-cache
idna==3.2
    # via requests
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via flask
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
minorminer==0.2.6
    # via
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   dwave-system
networkx==2.5.1
    # via
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-networkx
    #   dwave-system
    #   dwavebinarycsp
    #   minorminer
    #   penaltymodel
    #   penaltymodel-mip
numpy==1.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dimod
    #   dwave-greedy
    #   dwave-hybrid
    #   dwave-neal
    #   dwave-preprocessing
    #   dwave-system
    #   dwave-tabu
    #   matplotlib
    #   minorminer
    #   penaltymodel-lp
    #   pyqubo
    #   scipy
ortools==8.2.8710
    # via penaltymodel-mip
penaltymodel==0.16.4
    # via
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   dwavebinarycsp
    #   penaltymodel-cache
    #   penaltymodel-lp
    #   penaltymodel-mip
penaltymodel-cache==0.4.3
    # via
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   dwavebinarycsp
penaltymodel-lp==0.1.4
    # via
    #   dwave-ocean-sdk
    #   dwavebinarycsp
penaltymodel-mip==0.2.4
    # via dwave-ocean-sdk
pillow==8.3.1
    # via matplotlib
plucky==0.4.3
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   dwave-hybrid
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via ortools
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
pyqubo==1.0.12
    # via dwave-ocean-sdk
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   matplotlib
requests[socks,use_chardet_on_py3]==2.26.0
    # via dwave-cloud-client
scipy==1.7.0
    # via
    #   minorminer
    #   penaltymodel-lp
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   cycler
    #   dwavebinarycsp
    #   fasteners
    #   penaltymodel
    #   penaltymodel-cache
    #   protobuf
    #   pyqubo
    #   python-dateutil
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via flask
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via deprecated
